We've covered quite a bit in this lesson.
First, you've learned how to wrangle data with functional programming,
and you saw this programming style helps us scale across distributed systems,
then you practice reading data into Spark, and writing data out.
You also gained experience with the high level APIs,
Spark DataFrames, and Spark SQL.
Like any programming language or tool,
you won't master it without a fair amount of practice.
Now that you know how to wrangle data with Spark,
go and find some datasets that you are interested in,
and start exploring them with Spark.
Once you play with a few of these datasets,
especially messy real-world data,
you probably run into a few errors,
or cases where Spark runs particularly slowly.
Up to this point, we've focused on running Spark on smaller datasets,
just to get you comfortable with the basic syntax.
In the next lesson, we're going to talk about debugging your Spark code,
and how to speed it up to work on true big data.